Added iPaaS related docs (#742)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/ipaas/getting-started.md

#Getting Started with Choreo iPaaS

> Choreo iPaaS provides Integration capabilities to connecting different systems, applications, or services to exchange 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choreo iPaaS provides integration capabilities to connect different systems, applications, or services to exchange data and information. You can create integrations between a variety of technologies, including APIs, messaging systems, and integration platforms. The goal of integration is to create a seamless user experience and to improve the efficiency 
and effectiveness of business operations.
```

data and information. Integrations can be achieved through a variety of technologies, including APIs, messaging systems, 
and integration platforms. The goal of integration is to create a seamless user experience and to improve the efficiency 
and effectiveness of business operations.

> Choreo provides Integrations developed in Ballerina and Micro Integrations based Integrations. For more about this please

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choreo supports integrations developed in Ballerina language as well as Micro Integrator based integrations.
```

> #Getting Started with Choreo iPaaS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Getting Started with Choreo iPaaS
```

Choreo iPaaS provides Integration capabilities to connecting different systems, applications, or services to exchange 
data and information. Integrations can be achieved through a variety of technologies, including APIs, messaging systems, 
and integration platforms. The goal of integration is to create a seamless user experience and to improve the efficiency 
and effectiveness of business operations.

> Choreo provides Integrations developed in Ballerina and Micro Integrations based Integrations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choreo provides Integrations developed in Ballerina and integrations based on WSO2 Micro Integrator.
```
